Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. –Steve Jobs
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. –Albert Einstein
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.  –Robert Frost
	5.	The common question that gets asked in business is, ‘why?’ That’s a good question, but an equally valid question is, ‘why not?’ -Jeffrey Bezos
	6.	You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. –Wayne Gretzky
	7.	I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. –Michael Jordan
	8.	Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. –Babe Ruth
	9.	Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. –W. Clement Stone
	10.	Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. –John Lennon
	11.	We become what we think about. –Earl Nightingale
	12.	Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails.  Explore, Dream, Discover. –Mark Twain
	13.	Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. –John Maxwell
	14.	If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. –Tony Robbins
	15.	The mind is everything. What you think you become.  –Buddha
	16.	The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. –Chinese Proverb
	17.	An unexamined life is not worth living. –Socrates
	18.	Eighty percent of success is showing up. –Woody Allen
	19.	Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. –Napoleon Hill
	20.	Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. –Vince Lombardi
	21.	I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. –Stephen Covey
	22.	Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. –Pablo Picasso
	23.	You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. –Christopher Columbus
	24.	I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. –Maya Angelou
	25.	Either you run the day, or the day runs you. –Jim Rohn
	26.	Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. –Henry Ford
	27.	The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. –Mark Twain
	28.	Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. –Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
	29.	The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra
	30.	People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily. –Zig Ziglar
	31.	Inspiration exists, but it must find you working. –Pablo Picasso
	32.	If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. –Vincent Van Gogh
	33.	There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. –Aristotle
	34.	Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. –Henry Ford
	35.	The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. –Ralph Waldo Emerson
	36.	Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined. –Henry David Thoreau
	37.	When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me. –Erma Bombeck
	38.	Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others.  Unsuccessful people are always asking, “What’s in it for me?” – Brian Tracy
	39.	Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. – Ancient Indian Proverb
	40.	Believe you can and you’re halfway there. –Theodore Roosevelt
	41.	Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair
	42.	We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. –Plato
	43.	Once you choose hope, anything’s possible. –Christopher Reeve
	44.	Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can. –Arthur Ashe
	45.	When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down ‘happy’.  They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life. –John Lennon
	46.	Fall seven times and stand up eight. –Japanese Proverb
	47.	When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. –Helen Keller
	48.	Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. –Confucious
	49.	How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. –Anne Frank
	50.	When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. –Lao Tzu
	51.	The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength not a lack of knowledge but rather a lack of will. –Vince Lombardi
	52.	Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions. –Dalai Lama
	53.	The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. –Arthur C. Clarke
	54.	First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. –Aristotle
	55.	If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. –Latin Proverb
	56.	You can’t fall if you don’t climb.  But there’s no joy in living your whole life on the ground. –Unknown
	57.	Whoever loves much, performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well. –Vincent Van Gogh
	58.	Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. –Les Brown
	59.	Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. –Joshua J. Marine
	60.	The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. –Walt Disney
	61.	I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. –Leonardo da Vinci
	62.	Limitations live only in our minds.  But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. –Jamie Paolinetti
	63.	Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes.  You are free. –Jim Morrison
	64.	What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. –Bob Dylan
	65.	I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. –Benjamin Franklin
	66.	In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. –Bill Cosby
	67.	A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. – Albert Einstein
	68.	The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. –Chinese Proverb
	69.	There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. –Roger Staubach
	70.	It is never too late to be what you might have been. –George Eliot
	71.	You become what you believe. –Oprah Winfrey
	72.	I would rather die of passion than of boredom. –Vincent van Gogh
	73.	A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. –Unknown
	74.	It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings.  –Ann Landers
	75.	If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money. –Abigail Van Buren
	76.	Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. –Farrah Gray
	77.	Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. –Frank Zappa
	78.	Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance. –Sir Claus Moser
	79.	Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more. –H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
	80.	It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. –Confucius
	81.	Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others. –H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
	82.	Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. –Dalai Lama
	83.	You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have. –Maya Angelou
	84.	Dream big and dare to fail. –Norman Vaughan
	85.	Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. –Martin Luther King Jr.
	86.	Do what you can, where you are, with what you have. –Teddy Roosevelt
	87.	The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. –Alice Walker
	88.	Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. –Gloria Steinem
	89.	It’s your place in the world; it’s your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. –Mae Jemison
	90.	You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try. –Beverly Sills
	91.	Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. –Eleanor Roosevelt
	92.	Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. –Grandma Moses
	93.	The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. –Ayn Rand
	94.	When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. –Henry Ford
	95.	It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. –Abraham Lincoln
	96.	Change your thoughts and you change your world. –Norman Vincent Peale
	97.	Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. –Benjamin Franklin
	98.	Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!” –Audrey Hepburn
	99.	The only way to do great work is to love what you do. –Steve Jobs
	100.	If you can dream it, you can achieve it. –Zig Ziglar
